doc: add the limitation of backing image size to doc and add a KB (#1064)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.0/advanced-resources/backing-image/backing-image.md

A QCOW2 or RAW image can be set as the backing/base image of a Longhorn volume, which allows Longhorn to be integrated with a VM like [Harvester](https://github.com/rancher/harvester).

> Notice that the image size must be a multiple of 512 bytes, as Longhorn uses DirectIO by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important**:  
> The image size must be **a multiple of 512 bytes**. Longhorn uses direct I/O, which requires alignment of file sizes with the underlying storage block size.
```

Author: fixed.
